O or write confirm endings so we are objective here is to find out if the string ends with a certain
word or a certain series of characters.
Now in here it says hey and as 2015 you could do this with the ends with method but please don't use
that.
That's one of our goals here and that's fine.
So the hint for this one is that I use sub SVR.
And our objective is does it end with this if it does return a boolean if true if it doesn't go ahead
or return a boolean of false.
That's all we have to do.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the way that I did this was I basically took our input string here and I made a comparison.
I got the distance the remainder of the one length minus the other and then I just return to that start
of our shrink with the length of our input and I could I said hey are these equal.
That's pretty much it.
So let's go ahead and create a Konst here and we'll call this start.
And also the sequel to our string length minus our target line.
Now this is going to give us the gap that we need to find out.
Hey where do we want to start are our string Dumont's are in a seventh character do us turn the first
character.
This is that that point because that's where we need to make our comparison right.
So if this is 10 then this is five.
We need to start a string five.
Say do these match.
That's what we're doing here.
Next all we have to do here is return our original string and the substring.
And this is going to substring is going to be at that starting point comma the entire length of the
string.
And when you say is this.
And you'll see here that we're returning there and now we're just going to check here.
Is this equal to our target string.
Here is true or false.
And I wonder if this works like slice and slice or we don't have to pass that in and I bet it it seems
too.
So that's another thing that we could refactor here is that if you want to get a snowshoeing that goes
to the end of the string you don't actually have to pass the value in like we were doing before so can
refactor this and eliminate it.
And
I don't necessarily like the name start here but this is it.
At the end today we are checking to see if the end of the string is equal to the substring after we
just do a little bit of math to find out where we want to start that check.